We can take the detect loop logic and modify it
to find the length of the loop.
So change the function name to loop length and when
slow and fast pointers meet, we can pass the slow
pointer to calculate the length of the loop.
So if slow equal to fast, write return calculate length
and pass the slow pointer as the argument
Now we can write the logic for calculating the length.
so this function will take slow pointer as the input
and return an integer
that is the length. We need to declare
one more pointer and make it a point to slow
write struct node * current equal to slow and
declare an integer variable to store the length and initialise it to zero.
So till the current pointer reaches the slow pointer
again, we need to increment the current pointer and increment
length variable
So use a do while loop. So write do current
equal to current next length++ while current not
equal to slow. And finally we can return the length.